# Cursiva-Privacy

**Privacy Policy**

Jonas Beduschi built the Cursiva - Alpha Version app as a Free app. This SERVICE is provided by Jonas Beduschi at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use my Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

There is no collection of personally identifiable information.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app
*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)

**Service Providers**

I do not employ third-party companies or individuals

**Children’s Privacy**

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-04-21

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at jonas.beduschi@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
